Now that you’ve gone through the process
of building an Angular starter app, lets take
the next step and explore the concept of Modules.
A module essentially acts to create containers
around our files.
So anytime we create any new file, we’re
also creating an enclosed module for that
file.
By doing so, we don’t have to worry about
variables polluting the global scope since
every file acts as its own closed system.
When building up our starter app, we created
a system.js config file.
The purpose of this file is to act as a module
loader.
So instead of adding all of our javascript
files at the bottom our index file, we let
systemJS do the work of loading up all the
javascript files also known as modules we’ll
need for our application.
So modules are just the files that we create
and use within our application.
We use the keywords import and export when
we want to use the contents our modules in
other modules.
Here is what our app.component.ts file looks
like.
In this file, we’re importing the Component
class from the file angular core file.
Notice how we’re using the import keyword
followed by the name of the class we want
to use inside of curly brackets followed by
the keyword from and then the name of the
file.
We can omit the extension here since this
is defined already in our system config file.
Then below we use the export keyword followed
by the name of a class.
This allows us to use our app component file
in other files.
And if we open up our app.module file you
can see that we are in fact importing the
AppComponent right here.